-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to understand
about ingress and then external DNS.
So what is this external DNS,
and then how we are going to use it.
So, if you see our current architecture diagram
whatever we have discussed so far.
So if you see other than RDS databases
and then route 53 entries remaining
everything we have provisioned using Kubernetes manifest.
So which means like, whatever the deployment
our note port services, our application load balances,
and then part paced routing, SSL and then SSL redirect.
So we just created the certificate,
our route 53 related register domains
and then hosted Jones with the record sets.
These things we have done manually.
So, but certificate is a one time job that is fine.
And RDS, yes means like,
if we have something from Kubernetes,
if we can create automatically RDS databases, that is great.
Okay?
But these type
of explorations are currently in the initial phases.
So there is something called, "K Operator."
So what it does is from Kubernetes itself you'll
be able to create the Dynamo DB.
Okay? So they are enhancing that.
And then maybe
in future many of AWS services will be able to
be get created using Kubernetes manifest with K Operator.
But, as on today, we need to go for RDS databases manually.
But, for route 53 interest, we have something called
external DNS.
Using that from Kubernetes manifests,
using Kubernetes manifests.
And then, in ingress adding the annotations related
to external DNS.
DNS will allow us to automatically
add record sets or DNS interest in the route 53.
So using this external DNS related annotations updated
in the ingress.
In addition to deploying the external DNS related deployment
in our existing EKS cluster
which will allow us to update the route 53 entries.
So let's go back to our GitHub repo once
and then see what we are going to do.
So we are going inside 08, 06 ALB ingress, external DNS.
So this is divided into primarily two parts.
One is deploying the external DNS on EKS, which is nothing
but it is a simple deployment with a single part related
to external DNS.
And, after that,
applying our external DNS related annotations
for our application and then testing it will be
the next step. Okay?
So now let's go into the 08, 06, 01.
And then if you see here, as usual, if our pod
inside the Kubernetes it need to access
the external AWS services, it need to follow a
process which is nothing but it need to have a I AM role
and then I AM policy.
I AM policy outlining which AWS services
it needs access to.
Example, it needs access to route 53. Right?
So I AM policy and I AM role
in addition to that a service account
in Kubernetes which will be associated
with this disrespect you external DNS part.
And then altogether I AM role
and then service account need to be associated
so that the external DNS part will be able to go ahead
and then add the interest in rock 53.
So related those changes, whatever is required
like I AM policy, I AM role,
all those things will be our next steps to implement
for our external DNS deployment.
So I'll see you in the next lecture,
and then, we'll go ahead
and then implement the steps related to external DNS.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.